The manipulator consists of the following links (dimensions XxYxZ in the coordinates of the frame, roll pitch yaw orientation - in coordinates of the base link - for my convenience - in degrees); limits velocities and other parameters of the joints should be specified in the yaml, as well as their meshes (used if deffined, should be a flag to use meshes for collision, by default - do not use meshes for collision, use primitives):
1. Raylway (base_link) - origin in 0;0;0 no rotation. Goes along the storage in positive X direction, could have offsets from the world's frame. Origin is placed on the center top of the beginning of the railway, by default it should lay on the ground plane if other not specified by the offsets. width (Y) = 600 mm, length (X) = 4000 mm, height (H) = 90 mm. Consists of 2 boxes of length and height and 45 mm width. colour - dark gray
2. main_frame - moves along the railway. linear joint with side-to-side limits (specified in the yaml). XxYxZ = 400x600x2000 mm. origin - on the center bottom of the front wall. colour - light brown.
3. selector_frame = moves along the front wall of the main_frame - linear joint with adjustable limits. XxYxZ = 300x700x100 mm. origin at the center of the box back plane, world oriented. colour - dark green. It's liek a moving shelf. parent - main_frame
4. selector_magnetic_gripper - moves along the Y axis of the selector_frame - linear joint - up to the surfaces of the boxes + 10 mm deeper in the cabinet space. Origin - Yaw = +90 deg - X along the Y of the world. It should move along it's X axis. colour - dark red. parent - selector_frame
5. picker_frame - moves the same way as the selector frame moves - along the main_frame above the selector frame. It has a linear joint to the selector frame.  parent - selector_frame. XxYxZ = 20x700x200 mm, origin at the center of the box on the side which faced the main frame. The back plane of the selector_frame and the back plane of the picker frame are joint to the front plane of the main_frame
6. gripper_base - moves along the X axis of the picker_frame. It could extend outside the selector frame. parent - picker_frame. XxY